In the day's other news: The
Islamic State, or ISIS, stunned
the nation of Iran with an
attack into the heart of
its capital city, Tehran.
The targets, Parliament, and
the shrine to the revolutionary
leader, Ayatollah Ruhollah
Khomeini.
When it was over, 13 people
were dead, plus six attackers.
We will have a full report
right after the news summary.
In Britain, the death toll
rose to eight in Saturday's
London Bridge attack.
Teams had been searching
the River Thames today.
They recovered a body, and the
president of France said it
was a 45-year-old Frenchman
who had been missing.
Police also made another
arrest today in connection
with the bridge killings.
President Trump spoke by phone
today with the ruler of Qatar.
The White House says that he
offered to help repair a breach
with Arab states, who accuse
the oil kingdom of
supporting terror.
A day earlier, Mr. Trump
appeared to support
claims made by Saudi
Arabia and other nations
against Qatar.
Meanwhile, Russia's foreign
minister denied a CNN report
that Russian hackers planted
a fake story with Qatar's
state news agency that led
to the diplomatic break.
SERGEI LAVROV, Russian Foreign
Minister (through translator): I
think that CNN, like some other
mass media outlets, is just
waiting for the type of story
that stinks, or some scandal
to automatically, without any
evidence, add this episode
to the list of Russian sins,
Russian hackers or
someone else linked to
the Russian Federation.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The African
nation of Mauritania
today became the latest
to cut diplomatic
relations with Qatar.
A warning today to American
armed forces inside Syria.
Militia groups supporting
President Bashar
al-Assad threatened
to hit U.S. targets if
the U.S. crosses what it
calls any more red lines.
Just yesterday, American
planes bombed pro-government
fighters in Southern Syria.
The Pentagon says they
came close to U.S.-backed
opposition forces.
Back in this country, President
Trump renewed his call to
commit $1 trillion in the years
ahead to overhauling the
nation's infrastructure.
In Cincinnati, he said he has
heard the pleas of voters, and
the days of rebuilding other
countries are over.
DONALD TRUMP, President
of the United States:
We spend trillions and
trillions of dollars
outside our nation, but
we can't build a road,
a highway, a tunnel, a
bridge in our own nation.
And we watch everything
falling into disrepair.
It's time to rebuild our
country, to bring back our
jobs, to restore our dreams.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The president
also met with family business
owners he said were victims
of rising insurance
premiums under Obamacare.
And he vowed that Republicans
will replace it, or bust.
And on Wall Street today,
the Dow Jones industrial
average gained 37 points
to close at 21173.
The Nasdaq rose 22, and
the S&P 500 added three.